[At the Comedy Club]

JERRY: I have to tell you that I did get some very exciting news recently and I don't know if I should really tell you exactly what it is because it's really not a definite thing yet.

[The audience urges him to tell]

JERRY: Well, I will tell you what I do know so far. According to the information that I have in the envelope that I've received, it seems that I may have already won some very valuable prizes. Well thank you, thank you very much, well thank you. That's very nice to hear that but in all honesty, I have to say, I didn't even know I was in this thing. But according to the readout, it looks like I am among the top people that they are considering. You know, that's what annoys me about the sweepstakes companies, they always tease you with that, "You may have already won." I'd like once for a sweepstakes company to have some guts, come out with the truth, just tell people the truth one time. Send out envelopes, "You have definitely lost!" You turn it over, giant printing, "Not even close!" You open it up, there's this whole letter of explanation, "Even we cannot believe how badly you've done in this contest."


[At Jerry's apartment]

[George is reading the paper. Kramer and Jerry both trying to enter carrying a large carton]

JERRY: To the right.

[They get it through]

GEORGE: That took awhile.

JERRY: Don't get up.

GEORGE: Oh I'd like to help, but my neck.

[They set the box on the table]

GEORGE: So how long has it been in the basement?

JERRY: Since my grandfather died. I was suppose to send it down to my parents in Florida, but they didn't want it. They told me to get rid of it, but I felt funny and then I sort of forgot about it. And it's been sitting down there for three years until he saw it. Alright, so just take what you want and let's get it out of here.

[They open the box and start going through it]

GEORGE: What's in it?

JERRY: Grandpa clothes. I can't wear them.

[Kramer pulls out some socks]

KRAMER: You want these? Knee socks. You don't wear knee socks.

JERRY: No, go ahead. Look at this place. I can't wait to get it cleaned.

GEORGE: I know somebody who'll do it. She's good. She's honest.

JERRY: No, Elaine's got this writer friend from Finland, Rava. Her boyfriend goes to Columbia grad school and he's suppose to do it.

GEORGE: Students can't clean. It's anathema.

[Jerry's confused]

GEORGE: They don't like it.

JERRY: How long have you been waiting to squeeze that into a conversation?

[Kramer pulls a statue out of the box]

KRAMER: Now this, I like.

[George's eyes light up when he sees the statue]

GEORGE: Wait a second. I can't believe this! Let me see this.

KRAMER: Wait wait wait.

GEORGE: Let me just see it for a second.

KRAMER: Come on.

[The both grab it]

GEORGE: Let me just see it for a second! Oh my God, it's exactly the same!

JERRY: What?

GEORGE: When I was ten years old, my parents had this very same statue on the mantle of our apartment. Exactly. And one day I grabbed it, I was using it as a microphone. I was singing "Macarthur Park" and I got to the part about "I'll never have that recipe again" and it slipped out of my hand and it broke. My parents looked at me like I smashed the ten commandments. To this day they bring it up. It was the single most damaging experience in my life, aside from seeing my father naked.

[George grips the statue but Kramer won’t let go. They start to fight for it]

KRAMER: Come on, George. I saw it first.

GEORGE: No Kramer, I have to have this statue.

KRAMER: No, I got dibs!

GEORGE: What? No dibs! I need this statue. Come on, give it! Give it!

[Jerry splits them apart]

JERRY: Spread out, spread out you numbskulls. Why don't you just settle it like mature adults?

KRAMER: Potato man!

GEORGE: No no no, no potato man. Inka Dink.

[Kramer and George both visibly add up in their heads to see who would lose if Inka Dink was the way to go]

KRAMER: Okay uh, start with me.

GEORGE: Yeah, good good.

[Jerry begins the childish choosing game of Inka Dink, pointing alternately between Kramer and George with every syllable]

JERRY: Inka dink, a bottle of ink. The cork fell out and you stink. Not because you're dirty, not because you're clean, just because you kissed the girl behind the magazine.

[He lands on Kramer, then completes the rhyme]

JERRY: And you are it!

[He lands on George]

KRAMER: What?! Wait a minute. No no no. What are you doing? No no, oh, oh okay. Alright, he's out. I get it.

GEORGE: No no no no. I'm "it". I win.

[Jerry points to George]

JERRY: No, he's "it". He wins. "It" is good.

KRAMER: Do over, start with him.

JERRY: No no no, come on Kramer. Now, you got the socks.

[Kramer tosses the statue to George]

KRAMER: Alright, you can have it. Okay, I'm gonna take the suit, and the shoes, and the hat.

JERRY: Alright, come on. Let's go.

KRAMER: Hey, I'll look like Joe Friday in Dragnet.

[He hums out the theme song]

GEORGE: I can't believe I won at Inka Dink.

JERRY: Come on, let's go.

GEORGE: Yeah.

[They go to the door. George sets the statue down]

JERRY: Aren't you gonna take it?

GEORGE: No no no, I don't want to carry it around all night. I'll pick it up later.

JERRY: What about your stuff?

KRAMER: Oh, woah, okay.

[He balls up the clothes he just got and throws them into his apartment and leaves]

JERRY: Alright, let's go. Hey, you know you owe me one.

GEORGE: What?

JERRY: The Inka Dink, you were "It".

GEORGE: "It's" bad?

JERRY: "It" is very bad.


[At Jerry's apartment]

RAVA: Well, if they don't let you be my editor on this book I go to another publisher. It's that simple.

ELAINE: You told them that?

RAVA: Of course.

ELAINE: Oh, this is so fantastic. I don't know how to thank you.

[Jerry enters from the bedroom carrying luggage]

JERRY: So, where's this boyfriend of yours? I can't wait much longer. I've got a flight.

ELAINE: Oh, he's probably caught in traffic.

RAVA: Or maybe he's dead.

JERRY: So what do you write, children's books?

[There's a knock at the door]

RAVA: That's Ray.

[Jerry opens the door and Ray enters with cleaning gear]

RAY: Ah, greetings, greetings and salutations. I beg your forgiveness. My tardiness was unavoidable. Rava, my love. Elaine, dear friend. And you must be Jerry. Lord of the manor. My liege. A pleasure to serve you.

[He bows]

JERRY: Alright.

RAVA: And we have to get back to work.

[She leaves with Elaine]

JERRY: I gotta get to the airport.

RAY: Your palace shall sparkle like the stars in heaven upon your save arrival, Sire.

JERRY: The toilet brush is under the sink.

[He leaves]


[At the Night club]

JERRY: I don't really feel that comfortable with a maid either because there's that guilt when you have someone cleaning your house. You know, you're sitting there on your sofa, and they go by with the vacuum, "I'm really sorry about this. I don't know why I let that stuff over there." And that's why I could never be a maid, because I'd have an attitude. I'd find them, wherever they are in the house, "Oh, I suppose you couldn't do this? No, don't get up, let me clean up your filth. No, you couldn't dust. No, this is too tough, isn't it?"


[At Jerry's apartment]

JERRY: He really did an amazing job, look! He uncoagulated the top of the dishwashing liquid.

[He opens the refrigerator]

JERRY: He cleaned out the bottom of the little egg cups. Come here, look at this.

[He gets on his knees]

JERRY: He cleaned the little one-inch area between the refrigerator and the counter. How did he get down there? He must be like Rubber Man!

ELAINE: There's no Rubber Man.

JERRY: Why did I think there was a Rubber Man? There's Elastic Man and Plastic Man.

ELAINE: I'm leaving.

JERRY: Where are you going?

ELAINE: To Rava's house. I've gotta pick up her manuscript.

JERRY: Oh wait, I'll go with you.

ELAINE: Okay.

[They both go out the door]

JERRY: Elaine, he windexed the little peep hole!

[They leave]


[At Rava's apartment]

[Jerry, Elaine, and Rava sit in the living room]

ELAINE: So, the meeting with Lippman is all set. He's the editor in chief! I think because of your request...

RAVA: Demand.

ELAINE: They're going to promote me to editor.

[The sound of locks being unlocked can be heard]

RAVA: There's Ray, late as usual.

[Ray enters]

RAY: Well, this is an unexpected surprise and delight! The once and future king of comedy, "Jerry the First," gracing our humble abode. Rava, we're in the presence of royalty.

JERRY: Hey Ray, listen, you really did a tremendous job cleaning that apartment.

RAY: Oh, but I didn't just clean your apartment. It was a ritual, a ceremony, a celebration of life.

JERRY: Shouldn't you be out on a ledge somewhere?

[They all laugh. Ray laughs longer than everyone else. Jerry savors the laughs of his big fan]

RAVA: The water is boiling. Are you having tea?

RAY: Yes.

[Jerry sees George's statue on the mantle of the fireplace. He's stunned by the sight]

ELAINE: Jerry? Jerry!

JERRY: What?

RAVA: Ray, would you give me a hand please.

RAY: Yeah, I'm coming!

[He leaves. As soon as both Rava and Ray are in the kitchen Jerry gets up and goes over to the statue]

JERRY: I think that's the statue from my house. That looks like the statue from my house!

ELAINE: What statue?

JERRY: I had a statue!

ELAINE: You have a statue? I never saw a statue.

JERRY: My grandfather gave me a statue!

ELAINE: Since when?

JERRY: What's the difference?! That's the one! He ripped me off! This guy ripped me off!

[Ray pops his head back into the living room]

RAY: Do you take sugar?

JERRY: Uh, no.

[Ray goes back into the kitchen]

JERRY: I can't believe it! This guy ripped me off!

ELAINE: Do you realize what you're saying?

JERRY: Yes! This guy ripped me off! He stole that statue right out of my house!

[Ray pops in again]

RAY: Lemon?

ELAINE: Uh, sure.

JERRY: Yeah.

[Ray goes back into the kitchen]

ELAINE: Are you sure?

JERRY: Pretty sure! Ninety-nine percent sure.

ELAINE: Ninety-nine percent sure?!

[Ray and Rava both enter carrying a tray of tea]

RAY: Ah, sweet elixir. It's fragrant nectar a soothing balm for the soul.

[A ding from the kitchen can be heard]

RAVA: Ah Ray, those are the pastries. Take care of that. I'm going to get the manuscript.

RAY: The pastries!

[Ray and Rava leave]

ELAINE: Maybe it just looks the same. Maybe it's just a coincidence.

JERRY: Coincidence? This guy's in my apartment and then, just by coincidence, he has the same exact statue in his apartment?

ELAINE: I never saw any statue.

JERRY: I had a statue! What should I do?

ELAINE: I don't know.

JERRY: I'll call Kramer.

ELAINE: Yeah.

JERRY: He can check my house.

[He grabs the phone and dials]

ELAINE: Oh Jerry, don't blow this for me.

JERRY: Don't worry. Kramer! Kramer! It's Jerry! Jerry! From next door! Never mind where I am! Yes, Jerry Seinfeld!

[Rava enters with a manuscript. Jerry starts talking casually]

JERRY: Ma, I told you, just dip the bread in the batter and put in right in the pan. Okay, bye.

[He hangs up]

JERRY: My mother, she forgot how to make French Toast. You know how mothers are.

RAVA: My mother left us when I was six years old. All seven of us. We ever heard from her again. I hope she's rotting in an alley somewhere.

[A long beat passes]

JERRY: My mom's down in Florida. She's go one of those condos. Hot down there in the summer. You ever been down there?

[Ray enters with a tray of pastries]

RAY: I love these pastries. You know, in Scandinavian mythology, the pastries were the food of the gods.

JERRY: Listen uh, I just remembered. I'm uh, getting a facial.

ELAINE: Oh, see you tomorrow morning.

[She takes the manuscript]

[They go to leave]

RAY: How about dinner?

JERRY: No, I don't eat dinner. Dinner's for suckers.

[They leave]


[At Jerry's apartment]

[Jerry is on the phone]

JERRY: Uh huh, yeah okay, thanks anyway. Bye.

[He hangs up]

JERRY: Nope, the cop says it's my word against his. There's nothing they can do.

KRAMER: Let's go get him.

JERRY: Yeah, right.

GEORGE: We can't just let him get away with this.

JERRY: Do you realize how crazy he had to be to do something like this? He knew I was gonna know that it's missing and he took it! And of all things to take. I left my watch, tape recorder, stereo. He's crazy.

KRAMER: You wanna go get him?

ELAINE: Well then if he's crazy you should just forget it.

GEORGE: Forget it? I already called my parents. I told them to expect the surprise of a lifetime. My mother's making her roasted potatoes!

ELAINE: George, do you realize that Rava has asked me to edit her book?

GEORGE: Who is this Rava?

KRAMER: I say we get him.

ELAINE: No!

GEORGE: Let me just call him.

JERRY: I'll call him.

[He Picks up the cordless phone and dials. Kramer, George, and Elaine all struggle for control of the other phone so they can listen in on the conversation. As Jerry's talking the three others still fight for the phone]

JERRY: Hello Ray? Hi Ray, this is Rava's friend, Elaine's friend, Jerry. The King of Comedy. Right. Listen uh, you know that statue on your mantle the one with the blue lady?

[To Kramer and George]

JERRY: Will you shut up?!

[To Ray]

JERRY: Yeah, oh you don't want to talk about it over the phone? You don't want Rava to hear? Yeah, I understand. You know that coffee shop near my house, Monk's? Alright, tomorrow. One o'clock. Great. Okay, bye.

[He hangs up]

ELAINE: Alright look, look, look. Let's say he stole it.

GEORGE: Oh, he stole it?

ELAINE: Come on, you can't do anything about it. The cops won't do anything. What, are you going to fight him? Why don't you just forget it?

JERRY: No.

GEORGE: No.


[At Monk's Cafe]

[Jerry sits alone. George is sitting inconspicuously in the next booth to Jerry's back]

GEORGE: I thought you said one o'clock.

JERRY: Relax, he's late. He's always late. It's part of his "M.O."

GEORGE: Remember, don't take any crap.

JERRY: Yeah, yeah don't worry about it.

GEORGE: I'll be right here.

[Ray enters]

JERRY: That's comforting. Shh, he's coming. Ray.

RAY: Oh, Jerry. I can't believe you asked me about that statue. Do you know how much trouble you could've got me into?

JERRY: Well, I didn't...

RAY: Rava was standing right next to me. I never told her where I got the statue.

GEORGE: I wonder why.

JERRY: Well, just give it back and I won't say anything.

RAY: Give it back?

JERRY: Yeah.

RAY: What are you talking about?

JERRY: What are you talking about?

GEORGE: What is he talking about?

RAY: I'm talking about the statue.

JERRY: Yeah, me too.

RAY: Give it back to whom?

JERRY: Me.

GEORGE: Yeah, him.

RAY: You?

JERRY: Yeah, me.

RAY: I'm not getting this.

GEORGE: You already got it.

JERRY: Ray, I had a statue in my house. You were in my house and then I saw it in your house.

RAY: What are you saying?

JERRY: What am I saying?

GEORGE: Take a wild guess.

RAY: Are you saying I stole your statue?

GEORGE: What a mind.

JERRY: Well, I...

RAY: I can't believe what I'm hearing.

JERRY: I can't believe what I'm hearing.

GEORGE: I can't believe what I'm hearing.

RAY: For your information, I got that statue at a pawn shop.

GEORGE: A pawn shop?

JERRY: A pawn shop?

RAY: Yes. In Chinatown with the money I earned cleaning people's apartments.

GEORGE: And cleaning them out.

[Jerry elbows George - a message to shut up]

JERRY: Oh, excuse me. Look Ray, you were the only person in my house.

RAY: What's behind this? It's Rava, isn't it?

GEORGE: Again with the Rava.

RAY: You want her.

JERRY: No uh, she's a little too cheery for me.

RAY: She's from Finland, for crying out loud. Finland! Do you understand?!

JERRY: I know Finland. They're neutral.

RAY: Is it me? Do I rub you the wrong way?

JERRY: No, I actually find you quite charming, a bit verbose at times.

GEORGE: "Oh, I find you so charming." You wuss.

JERRY: Did you call me a wuss?

RAY: What did you say?

JERRY: I said luss. I'm at a luss.

RAY: I would love to take you down to the pawn shop where I got it.

JERRY: That's not necessary.

[George slams his menu down on the table several times in anger]

JERRY: You know, maybe it's not that bad an idea.

RAY: And I would love to. Nothing would please me more. But unfortunately, the guy retired and moved to Singapore.

GEORGE: Singapore?! Do you hear this?

RAY: If you really want, maybe I can contact the guy in Singapore and have him make a photostat of the receipt and send it on over.

GEORGE: That's it! That's it! I can't take it. I can't take it anymore! 

[He gets up and confronts Ray]

GEORGE: You stole the statue! You're a thief! You're a liar!

JERRY: George.

RAY: Who is this?

GEORGE: I'm the judge and the jury, pal. And the verdict is guilty!

RAY: What's going on here?

GEORGE: Guilty!

RAY: Your friend is crazy.

GEORGE: Oh, I'm crazy!

JERRY: George, George...

RAY: I've got to get going. I have a class.

GEORGE: Oh ho! A class, huh, a class? At Columbia? Let me tell you something, pal. I called the registrar's office. I checked you out. They have no record of a Ray Thomas at that school you liar!

RAY: Well, that is because I'm registered under my full legal name, Raymond Thomas Wochinski. Ray Thomas is my professional name.

GEORGE: You mean alias.

RAY: You are starting to make me angry.

[Ray gets up and stands in front of George. George realizes that Ray is bigger than him]

GEORGE: Well, that was bound to happen.

[George turns away and sits back down in his booth]

RAY: I hope you think about what you've done here today and if you want to call and apologize, you know where to reach me. 

[He goes to leave]

JERRY: Hey, Ray.

RAY: Yes?

JERRY: How did you get the goop out of the top of the dishwashing liquid? It was like a brand new nozzle!


[At Pendant Publishing]

[Elaine and Rava are waiting for an elevator]

ELAINE: Nervous?

RAVA: Why should I be?

ELAINE: Yeah. Right.

RAVA: Your notes were very insightful.

ELAINE: The book is great. Did you go out last night?

RAVA: No. We made love on the floor like two animals. Ray is insatiable.

ELAINE: They all are.

RAVA: Was Jerry?

ELAINE: I can't remember.

[The elevator doors open. They step in]

RAVA: You know, Ray is very upset over these accusations.

ELAINE: Oh, well I'm staying out of this one. This is between them. I am not getting involved.

[The doors close. Scene cuts to moments later on another floor. The doors open]

RAVA: So you think he stole it?!

ELAINE: Well, you have to admit the circumstantial evidence.

RAVA: I admit nothing!

[The doors close. Scene cuts to the inside of the elevator]

MANINELEVATOR: Will you put that cigarette out, please?

[Rava ignores him]

ELAINE: Well I mean, he was in the apartment and then it's gone and it's in your apartment.

RAVA: Maybe you think we're in cahoots.

ELAINE: No no, but it is quite a coincidence.

RAVA: Yes, that's all a coincidence!

ELAINE: A big coincidence.

RAVA: Not a big coincidence. A coincidence!

ELAINE: No, that's a big coincidence.

RAVA: That's what a coincidence is! There are no small coincidences and big coincidences!

ELAINE: No, there are degrees of coincidences.

RAVA: No, there are only coincidences! Ask anyone!

[Enraged, she asks everyone in the elevator]

RAVA: Are there big coincidences and small coincidences or just coincidences?

[Nobody answers]

RAVA: Well?! Well?!

[The elevator doors open]

MANINELEVATOR: Will you put that cigarette out?!

RAVA: Maybe I put it out on your face! It's just like Ray said, you and Jerry, you're jealous of our love. You're trying to destroy us.

ELAINE: Shouldn't you be out on a ledge somewhere?

[The doors close. Scene cuts to another floor. The elevator doors open and Elaine is by herself. There's a janitor's cart parked right outside the doors. She steps out, then throws the manuscript into the garbage can of the cart and exits]


[At Jerry's apartment]

[Jerry is on the phone]

GEORGE: Ma, will you stop? It's just a statue! How is it my fault?! It was stolen. I didn't even touch it this time. Okay, fine. I don't see why this should affect to potatoes! Okay! Goodbye.

[He hangs up]

JERRY: She doesn't react to disappointment very well, unlike me.

KRAMER: I'm not happy about this.

ELAINE: Why don't we just throw a Molotov cocktail through their window?

GEORGE: There's just no justice. This experience has changed me. It's made me more cynical, more bitter, more jaded.

JERRY: Really?

GEORGE: Sure. Why not?

ELAINE: Well, how do you think I feel? Instead of editing the first novel of a major young writing talent, I am proofreading a food allergy cookbook.

JERRY: Can't you talk to your boss?

ELAINE: I did. He loves Rava, worse, he loves Ray and he doesn't think you're funny at all.

KRAMER: I'm not happy about this.

JERRY: Well, perhaps we can take comfort in the knowledge that in the next world, Ray will be the recipient of a much larger and more harsh brand of justice.

GEORGE: Yeah. He'll have my parents!


[At Rava and Ray's apartment]

[Ray's home alone. He is holding the statue and admiring it. There's a knock at the door]

KRAMER: Police! Open up!

RAY: Police?

[He opens the door a crack and Kramer barges in like a cop. He's wearing Jerry's grandfather's suit and hat. He forces Ray against the wall]

KRAMER: Freeze, mother!

RAY: Hey.

[Kramer shoves him roughly against the wall]

KRAMER: Shut up!

[Kramer turns him around face first into the wall]

KRAMER: Spread them. I said spread them! [Looks around the apartment] You're in big trouble son. Burglary, grand larceny, possession of stolen goods... and uh, murder!

RAY: Murder?!

[Kramer shoves him against the wall]

KRAMER: Shut up! Keep them spread! Just make love to that wall, pervert!

RAY: I think you have me confused with somebody else.

KRAMER: Is your name Ray?

RAY: Yeah.

KRAMER: Yeah! You're the punk I'm looking for!

RAY: Hey, hey are you a cop?

KRAMER: Yeah, I'm a cop. I'm a good cop. I'm a damn good cop!

[He grabs the statue from the mantle and puts it in his bag]

KRAMER: Today's your lucky day, junior, because I'm gonna let you off with just a warning. Any more of this criminal activity and you'll be sorry. You got me!?

RAY: Got you? I don't even know what the hell you're talking about.

KRAMER: Good. Good. Let's uh, keep it that way.

[Kramer leaves]


[At Jerry's apartment]

[Kramer guides Jerry, Elaine, and George into the apartment]

JERRY: Alright, alright. What's the big hubbub, bub?

[Kramer goes to his apartment then returns with a duffel bag. He places it on the table and reveals the statue]

GEORGE: Kramer, I can't believe it. Oh, you're my hero!

[George hugs Kramer]

KRAMER: Yeah.

JERRY: Kramer, what did you do?

KRAMER: Well, let's put it this way. I didn't take him to People's Court.

GEORGE: I feel like a, a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders. I, I, I feel happy! Kramer, I don't know how to thank you!

KRAMER: Well, I'll think of something.

[He slaps George on the back, sending the statue crashing to the ground]


[At the Comedy Club]

JERRY: People are going to steal from you. You can't stop them. But everybody has their own little personal security things, things that they think will foil the crooks, you know? In your own mind, right? You go to the beach, go in the water, put your wallet in the sneaker. Who's gonna know? What criminal mind could penetrate this fortress of security? I tied a bow. They can't get through that. I put the wallet down by the toe of the sneaker. They never look there. They check the heel, they move on.

