[At the Comedy Club]

JERRY: Does it seem to you that the ventriloquist dummy has a very active sexual social life? He's always talking about dates and women that he knows and bringing them back to the suitcase at night. There's always a sawdust joke in there, you know. Kinky things because he's made out of wood he can spin his head around. We're expected to believe because the face is so animated that they think we're not noticing that the feet are just swinging there. The feet never look right do they? Dangling there, always kind of askew, you know. And you always see those little ankles, thin fabric ankles they have, you know. You think, "I don't think this thing is real."


[At Jerry's apartment]

[Jerry's on the phone with the local library]

JERRY: Are you kidding me? Let me speak with the head librarian. Because it's absurd. An overdue book from nineteen seventy-one? This is a joke right? What are you, from a radio station?

[Kramer enters]

JERRY: Yeah, you got me. I fell for it. Alright, okay. I can be down there in like, a half hour. Bye.

[He hangs up]

KRAMER: What's the problem?

JERRY: This you're not going to believe. The New York Public Library says that I took out "Tropic of Cancer" in nineteen seventy-one and never returned it.

KRAMER: Do you know how much that comes to? That's a nickel a day for twenty years. It's going to be fifty thousand dollars.

JERRY: It doesn't work like that.

KRAMER: If it's a dime a day it could be one hundred thousand dollars.

JERRY: It's not going to be anything. I returned the book. I remember it very vividly because I was with Sherry Becker.

KRAMER: Mmm hmm.

JERRY: She wore this orange dress. It was the first time I ever saw her in a dress like that. I noticed since ninth grade she was developing this body in secret under these loose clothes for like two years. And then one day...

[Scene flashes back to a beautiful young lady in an orange dress. Then returns to Jerry]

JERRY: This orange dress. It's burned in my memory.

KRAMER: Oh, memory burn.

JERRY: I wonder what ever happened to her?

KRAMER: How did they find you?

JERRY: Oh, computers. They're cracking down now on overdue books. The whole thing is completely ridiculous.

[The intercom buzzes]

JERRY: It's George. Wait till he finds out we're going to the library.

KRAMER: You know, I never got a library card.

[Into the intercom]

JERRY: I'm coming down.

KRAMER: It's all a bunch of cheapskates in there anyway. People sitting around reading the newspaper attached to those huge wooden sticks. Trying to save a quarter, oh.

JERRY: I gotta go to the library. You want to go?

KRAMER: Yeah.


[At the NYC Library]

[Jerry and Kramer enter]

KRAMER: The Dewey Decimal System, what a scam that was. Boy this Dewey guy really cleaned up on that deal.

JERRY: Where's George?

MANINLIBRARY: Shh!

KRAMER: Trying to save a quarter.

JERRY: I kind of like those sticks. I'd like to get them in my house.

KRAMER: Come on.

[They approach the librarian's counter. She doesn't notice them]

JERRY: This woman's completely ignoring me.

KRAMER: Look at her. This is a lonely woman looking for companionship. Spinster. Maybe a virgin. Maybe she got hurt a long time ago. She was a schoolgirl. There was a boy. It didn't work out. So now she needs a little tenderness. She needs a little understanding. Needs a little Kramer.

JERRY: Then she'll need a little shot of penicillin.

MARIAN: Yes?

JERRY: Yes, I called before. I got his notice in the mail.

[He hands her the notice]

MARIAN: Oh, "Tropic of Cancer", Henry Miller. Uh, this case has been turned over to our library investigations officer, Mr. Bookman.

KRAMER: Bookman? The library investigator's name is actually Bookman?

MARIAN: It's true.

KRAMER: That's amazing. That's like an ice cream man named Cone.

MARIAN: Lieutenant Bookman has been working here for twenty-five years so I think he's heard all the jokes.

JERRY: Can I speak with this Bookman?

MARIAN: Just a second.

[She walks off to get Mr. Bookman]

[George enters. He's frantic, tugging at Jerry's jacket to get his attention]

GEORGE: Jerry. Jerry.

JERRY: What?

GEORGE: I think I saw him. I think it's him.

JERRY: Who?

GEORGE: Did you see the homeless guy on the library steps screaming obscenities and doing some sort of calisthenics routine?

JERRY: Yeah.

GEORGE: I think that's Mr. Hayman. The gym teacher from our High School.

MANINLIBRARY: Shh!

JERRY: Are you sure?

GEORGE: He's older, completely covered in filth, no whistle. But I think it's him.

JERRY: George got him fired. He squealed on him.

KRAMER: Oh, tattle tale.

GEORGE: I didn't tattle!

MANINLIBRARY: Shh!

KRAMER: What did this guy do? What happened?

GEORGE: There was an incident. I'd rather not discuss it.

KRAMER: Oh come on, you can tell me.

GEORGE: Some other time.

KRAMER: What? Tonight?

[The librarian walks by, Kramer takes notice, then goes back to the conversation]

KRAMER: You know I never figured you for a squealer.

JERRY: Oh, he sang like a canary.

MARIAN: Mr. Bookman's not here.

JERRY: Not here? Why was I told to come down here?

MARIAN: He'll be out all afternoon on a case.

KRAMER: He's out on a case? He actually goes out on cases?

JERRY: Well what am I supposed to do now?

MARIAN: I'll have Mr. Bookman get in touch with you.

JERRY: Alright Thanks. Come on, let's go.

GEORGE: Let's go see if it's Hayman.

KRAMER: Hey uh, I'll see you boys later.

[He turns to the librarian]

KRAMER: So uh, what's a guy got to do around here to get a library card?


[At the Pendant Publishing offices]

ELAINE: Where's Karen?

PENDANTSECRETARY: She went to pick up lunch.

ELAINE: She didn't ask me what I wanted.

PENDANTSECRETARY: She must have forgot.

ELAINE: How could she forget? I've been ordering lunch here every day for three and a half years. Is there something you're not telling me because I'm getting a really weird vibe. Is Lippman getting rid of me? Its okay, you can tell me, I won't say anything.

PENDANTSECRETARY: I don't know anything.

ELAINE: Ah. You don't know anything. You see, "I don't know anything", means there's something to know. If you really didn't know anything you would have said, "You're crazy."

[Mr. Lippman enters]

ELAINE: Oh, hi Mr. Lippman.

LIPPMAN: Elaine.

[He gets a drink of water from the water cooler]

ELAINE: Um, I was wondering if you got a chance to look at that uh, biography of Columbus I gave you?

LIPPMAN: Yes I did.

[He takes a drink of water]

LIPPMAN: Yes I did. Maureen this water is still too cold.

[He goes back into his office]

ELAINE: Oh, yeah. It's freezing. Hurts your teeth.


[At Monk's Cafe]

[Elaine is paranoid about her forgotten lunch]

ELAINE: I'm telling you something is going on. He never likes anything I recommend. And then that lunch thing.

JERRY: So they forgot to get your lunch. Big deal!

ELAINE: What do you know? You've never worked in an office.

[To George]

ELAINE: See, you've worked in an office, George. Jerry thinks I'm over reacting but you understand lunch.

GEORGE: I don't understand lunch, I don't know anything about lunch.

[To Jerry]

GEORGE: Listen, just because I got the guy fired doesn't mean I turned him into a bum does it?

ELAINE: What did he do?

GEORGE: He purposely mispronounced my name. Instead of saying, "Costanza" He'd say, "Can't stand you!" "Can't stand you!" He made me smell my own gym socks once.

JERRY: I remember he made you wear a jock on your head for a whole class. And the straps were hanging down by his...

GEORGE: Okay, okay. I never even had him for gym.

JERRY: I had him for hygiene. Remember his teeth? It was like from an exhumed corpse.

GEORGE: Little baked beans.

JERRY: Ew.

ELAINE: Come on, tell me what happened.

GEORGE: Oh, okay. As I said the guy had it in for me. He actually failed me in gym. Me!

[A flashback to a high school locker room. George, with a full head of hair, is getting picked on by a Mr. Hayman and some classmates]

GEORGE: Those spastic Shnitzer twins.

HAYMAN: Can't stand you!

GEORGE: Yes, Mr. Hayman?

HAYMAN: Your underwear was sticking out of your shorts during gym class.

GEORGE: Well, I guess that's because I wear boxer shorts.

HAYMAN: Boxer shorts, ha? What brand?

GEORGE: I'm not really sure, I...

HAYMAN: Well let's take a look!

[Hayman and two students give George a wedgie. The scene flashes back to present day]

GEORGE: He gave me a wedgie.

JERRY: He got fired the next day.

ELAINE: Why do they call it a "wedgie?"

GEORGE: Because the underwear is pulled up from the back until it wedges in.

JERRY: They also have an atomic wedgie. Now, the goal there is to actually get the waistband on top of the head. Very rare.

ELAINE: Boys are sick.

JERRY: Well what do girls do?

ELAINE: We just tease some one till they develop an eating disorder.

GEORGE: I got to go back to the library and talk to him. I got to find out if I'm the guy that ruined his life.

[Kramer enters]

KRAMER: Hey, Babaloo. You better get home. You know this guy Bookman from the library, he's waiting for you.


[At the Comedy Club]

JERRY: What's amazing to me about the library is that here's a place where you go in you can take out any book you want they just give it to you and say, "Bring it back when you're done." It reminds me of like this pathetic friend that everybody had when they were a little kid that would let you borrow any of his stuff if you would just be his friend, you know. That's what the library is, a government funded pathetic friend. And that's why everybody kinds of bullies the library. I'll bring it back on time. I'll bring it back late. Oh, what are you going to do? Charge me a nickel?


[At Jerry's apartment]

JERRY: Oh, I'm glad you're here, so we can get this all straightened out. Would you like a cup of tea?

BOOKMAN: You got any coffee?

JERRY: Coffee?

BOOKMAN: Yeah. Coffee.

JERRY: No, I don't drink coffee.

BOOKMAN: Yeah, you don't drink coffee? How about instant coffee?

JERRY: No, I don't have...

BOOKMAN: You don't have any instant coffee?

JERRY: Well, I don't normally...

BOOKMAN: Who doesn't have instant coffee?

JERRY: I don't.

BOOKMAN: You buy a jar of Folgers Crystals, you put it in the cupboard, you forget about it. Then, later on, when you need it it's there. It lasts forever. It's freeze-dried. Freeze-dried crystals.

JERRY: Really? I'll have to remember that.

BOOKMAN: You took this book out in nineteen seventy-one.

JERRY: Yes, and I returned it in nineteen seventy-one.

BOOKMAN: Yeah, seventy-one. That was my first year on the job. Bad year for libraries. Bad year for America. Hippies burning library cards, Abby Hoffman telling everybody to steal books. I don't judge a man by the length of his hair or the kind of music he listens to. Rock was never my bag. But you put on a pair of shoes when you walk into the New York Public Library fellow.

JERRY: Look, Mr. Bookman. I, I returned that book. I remember it very specifically.

BOOKMAN: You're a comedian, you make people laugh.

JERRY: I try.

BOOKMAN: You think this is all a big joke, don't you?

JERRY: No, I don't.

BOOKMAN: I saw you on TV once. I remembered your name from my list. I looked it up. Sure enough, it checked out. You think because you're a celebrity that somehow the law doesn't apply to you? That you're above the law?

JERRY: Certainly not.

BOOKMAN: Well, let me tell you something, funny boy. You know that little stamp, the one that says "New York Public Library?" Well that may not mean anything to you but that means a lot to me. One whole hell of a lot. Sure, go ahead, laugh if you want to. I've seen your type before, flashy, making the scene, flaunting convention. Yeah, I know what you're thinking, "What's this guy making such a big stink about old library books?" Well, let me give you a hint, junior. Maybe we can live without libraries, people like you and me. Maybe. Sure, we're too old to change the world, but what about that kid, sitting down, opening a book right now in a branch at the local library and finding drawings of pee-pees and wee-wees on the Cat in the Hat and the Five Chinese Brothers? Doesn't he deserve better? Look. If you think this is about overdue fines and missing books, you'd better think again. This is about that kid's right to read a book without getting his mind warped! Or maybe that turns you on, Seinfeld. Maybe that's how you get your kicks. You and your good-time buddies. Well I got a flash for you, joy boy. Party time is over. You got seven days, Seinfeld.

[He opens the door to leave. Marion, the librarian, is at Kramer's door. She quickly enters Kramer's apartment and slams the door in fear that Bookman might see her]

BOOKMAN: That is one week!

[He leaves]

[At Kramer's apartment]

KRAMER: What's wrong?

MARIAN: It's Bookman the library cop.

KRAMER: So? I didn't do anything wrong.

MARIAN: I'm supposed to be at work. I could get fired. I never should have come here.

KRAMER: Why don't you leave?

MARIAN: I can't.

[Scene cuts back to Jerry's doorway. He's yelling after Mr. Bookman, who has already left]

JERRY: No way I'm paying that! I returned that book in nineteen seventy-one. I have a witness, Sherry Becker. She wore an orange dress! She gave me a piece of Black Jack gum. It's a licorice gum. What'll you think of next?! I remember it!

[He shuts the door and goes over to the phone. He flips through the phone book, thinking aloud]

JERRY: Becker. Becker.


[At Monk's Cafe]

[Jerry's dining with Sherry Becker]

SHERRY: Kevin went to a public school, he's the fourteen year old. We were gonna send Marsha to a private school because in some way they don't learn enough, I think.

JERRY: So Sherry, what do you remember about that day at the library?

SHERRY: I remember it like it was yesterday. It was a Friday afternoon, I wore a purple dress.

JERRY: Purple? You sure it wasn't orange?

SHERRY: Positive. And I was chewing Dentine. I always chewed Dentine. Remember Jerry? Dentine?

JERRY: No Black Jack?

SHERRY: Licorice gum? Never! We were reading passages to each other from that Henry Miller book.

JERRY: "Tropic of Cancer".

SHERRY: No, "Tropic of Capricorn".

JERRY: Tropic of Capricorn?

SHERRY: Remember? "What holds the world together as I have learned from bitter experience is sexual intercourse."

JERRY: Wait a second, wait a second. You're right. I had both of them! We read from Tropic of Capricorn. I was all set to return Tropic of Cancer. And then...

[A flashback to the very same locker room occurs. Jerry meets up with George]

[Jerry hands George "Tropic of Cancer"]

JERRY: Here's the book. Don't let anybody see it. Don't let anything happen to it.

GEORGE: Jerry, it's me, George. Don't worry, I'll return it.

JERRY: Okay, I'll see you after school. I'm late for Hayman's hygiene.

[They both make gestures making fun of Hayman's teeth. Flashback ends as Jerry is getting up from the booth]

SHERRY: Where you going?

JERRY: It was nice seeing you again. I just remembered something. I've got to go.

[As he's exiting, an old man enters. Jerry yells out to him in relief]

JERRY: It was George!


[At the NYC library]

KRAMER: Read another poem.

MARIAN: "Pressed chest, fleshed out west, might be the savior or a garden pest."

KRAMER: Wow, that is great. You should be published. You know, the library is kind of a cool place when it's closed.

MARIAN: Oh, yeah. You don't have to be quiet. Listen to the echo. Hello!

KRAMER: Hello!

MARIAN: Hello!

KRAMER: Hello!

MARIAN: Hello!

[Mr. Bookman enters]

BOOKMAN: Hello!

MARIAN: Mr. Bookman.

BOOKMAN: I remember when the librarian was a much older woman. Kindly, discreet, unattractive. We didn't know anything about her private life. We didn't want to know anything about her private life. She didn't have a private life. While you're thinking about that, think about this. The library closes at five o'clock, no exceptions. This is your final warning. Got that, kewpie-doll?


[At Jerry's apartment]

[Jerry's in his bedroom as Elaine is yelling out to him]

ELAINE: Lippman wants to see me in his office. See me! That can't be good.

JERRY: Maybe you're getting a raise.

[The intercom buzzes]

ELAINE: Maybe I'm getting a wedgie.

[Into the intercom]

ELAINE: What?

GEORGE: It's George.

ELAINE: George is on his way up.

JERRY: Wait till I tell him about the book.

[Reading Marion's poems at Jerry's table, Kramer sobs]

ELAINE: Are you okay? What? What?

KRAMER: It's Marion's poetry. I can't take it.

[He gets up and leaves, sobbing]

ELAINE: Remember that biography I recommended? My boss hated it!

JERRY: I'm right here.

ELAINE: Remember that Columbus book?

JERRY: Columbus. Euro-trash.

[George enters]

GEORGE: Well, it's definitely him.

ELAINE: Him? Him who?

GEORGE: "Him who?" Hayman him.

ELAINE: Hayman The gym teacher? You found him?

GEORGE: Oh, I found him. He was sitting on the steps of the library. I sat down next to him. He smelled like the locker room after that game against Erasmus.

JERRY: That was double overtime.

GEORGE: So I said, "Mr. Hayman, It's me, George Costanza. JFK." He doesn't move, so I said uh, "Can't stand you! Can't stand you!" He turns and smiles, the little baked bean teeth. I get up to run away, but something was holding me back. It was Hayman. He had my underwear! There I was on the steps of the Forty-Second Street library, a grown man, getting a wedgie.

ELAINE: At least it wasn't atomic.

[He holds up the waist band] 

GEORGE: It was.

JERRY: So Georgie Boy, guess what happened to "Tropic of Cancer?"

GEORGE: How should I know?

JERRY: Because I gave it to you.

GEORGE: Me?

JERRY: Yeah, think! Don't you remember you kept begging me to see it then finally I agreed. You were supposed to return it, I met you in the gym locker room.

GEORGE: The locker room!

[Scene cuts to a flashback in the locker room]

JERRY: Here's the book. Don't let anybody see it. Don't let anything happen to it.

GEORGE: Jerry, it's me, George. Don't worry, I'll return it tomorrow, no problem.

JERRY: Alright, I'll see you after school. I'm late for Hayman's hygiene.

[They both make gestures, making fun of Hayman's teeth. Then Jerry leaves]

HAYMAN: Can't Stand You!

GEORGE: Yes Mr. Hayman?

HAYMAN: Your underwear was sticking out of your shorts during gym class.

GEORGE: Well I guess that's because I wear boxer shorts.

HAYMAN: Boxer shorts, ha? Well, what brand?

GEORGE: I'm not really sure, I...

HAYMAN: Well let's take a look!

[Once again, George's getting a wedgie is shown. The book "Tropic Of Cancer" falls to the floor]


[At the NYC library]

[Jerry's writing out a check for "Tropic of Cancer, then hands it to Mr. Bookman]

JERRY: Anyway, I hope there's no hard feelings.

BOOKMAN: Hard feelings? What do you know about hard feelings? You ever have a man die in your arms? You ever kill somebody?

JERRY: What is your problem?

BOOKMAN: What's my problem? Punks like you, that's my problem. And you better not screw up again Seinfeld, because if you do, I'll be all over you like a pit bull on a poodle.

[He exits to a back room]

JERRY: That is one tough monkey! So, you were saying?

ELAINE: Oh, so, I took your suggestion and I gave my boss Marion's poems. The ones that affected Kramer so much.

JERRY: Oh, beautiful. Did he like them?

ELAINE: No he didn't! No he didn't!

JERRY: Was he out there?

GEORGE: Nah, he's gone. I wonder what happened to him.

JERRY: I guess we'll never know.


[Scene cuts to a back alley of the Library. Mr. Hayman is lying in garbage, laughing to himself]

HAYMAN: Can't stand you. Can't stand you.

[The camera pans down to reveal the Henry Miller book, "Tropic of Cancer" lying near Mr. Hayman]


[At the Comedy Club]

JERRY: It was a weird school day, you know what I mean? Because it kind of like started of kind of normal. You have like English, Geometry, Social Studies and then suddenly you're like in "Lord of The Flies" for forty minutes, you know, you're hanging from a rope. You have hardly any clothes on. Teachers are yelling at you, "Where's your jock strap?" You know, and kids are throwing dodge balls at you. You're trying to survive. Then its History, Science, Language. There's something off in the entire flow of that day.
