[At the Comedy Club]

JERRY: Went out to dinner the other night. Check came at the end of the meal as it always does. Never liked the check at the end of the meal system, because money's a very different thing before and after you eat. Before you eat money has no value. And you don't care about money when you're hungry. You sit down at a restaurant, you're like the ruler of an empire. "More drinks...

[He slaps his hands together]

JERRY: ...appetizers, quickly, quickly! It will be the greatest meal of our lives." Then after the meal, you know, you've got the pants open, you've got the napkins destroyed, cigarette butt in the mashed potatoes. Then the check comes at that moment. People are always upset, you know. They're mystified by the check.

[He pretends to look at a check]

JERRY: "What is this? How could this be?" They start passing it around the table, "Does this look right to you? We're not hungry now. Why are we buying all this food?!"


[At Monk's Cafe]

JERRY: Oh, I, I think Superman probably has a very good sense of humor.

GEORGE: I never heard him say anything really funny.

JERRY: But it's common sense. He's got super strength, super speed. I'm sure he's got super humor.

GEORGE: You would think that. Either you're born with a sense of humor or you're not. It's not going to change. Even if you go from the red sun of Krypton... 

[He moves the yellow mustard squeeze bottle across the table]

GEORGE: ...all the way to the yellow sun of the Earth.

JERRY: Why? Why would that one area of his mind not be affected by the...

[He grabs the mustard bottle]

JERRY: ...yellow sun of Earth?

GEORGE: I don't know.

[He moves the mustard bottle back]

GEORGE: But he ain't funny.

[Elaine joins them. They check their watches]

ELAINE: I know, I know. I'm sorry I'm late.

JERRY: No problem.

ELAINE: I dropped a grape.

GEORGE: Pardon?

ELAINE: I dropped a grape in the kitchen and it disappeared. I couldn't find it. I was, I was literally on my knees for ten minutes looking for this stupid grape. I have no idea where it went.

JERRY: Were you crying? I mean, it's just a grape. You'll find it.

ELAINE: No, I'm just getting over an allergy attack. This guy I'm going out with...

JERRY: Robert.

ELAINE: Robert. Yes, thank you. He has two cats and I'm allergic to them. You know, I finally meet a normal man and I can't even go into his apartment, you know. And of course my apartment is the actor's studio so we can't go there. It's really causing a lot of problems, you know. He won't even go away for the weekend because of these cats.

GEORGE: Guys with cats. I don't know.

JERRY: I've been thinking about asking this girl I'm uh, seeing...

ELAINE: Vanessa.

JERRY: Vanessa, thank you. I've been thinking about asking her to go away for a couple of days.

GEORGE: Oh no. No no no no no. I'd have to advise against that. What do you know this woman, a month? Let's see, you're going to be with her seventy-two hours. That's a dating decathlon.

[Elaine starts rubbing a spoon on her nose]

ELAINE: Hey, why don't you take her to that place in Vermont I was telling you about? You know that really charming place with the, with the separate faucets for the hot and cold. She'll love it.

[Elaine removes her hands from the spoon and balances it on her nose]

GEORGE: That's exquisite. Listen uh, if it's not too much trouble, could you pass me that paper over there?

[Elaine reaches for the paper]

GEORGE: Just the business section.

[Elaine hands him the paper. He starts flipping through it]

JERRY: You better find that grape before it mutates into another life form. There was once a mutant grape that terrorized an entire town in the Texas panhandle. They brought in the army, nobody could stop it. Apparently it had a pit of steel.

[Elaine stares at him blankly]

GEORGE: Up again?! This is incredible. I'm, I'm getting it.

ELAINE: You're getting what?

GEORGE: A stock.

JERRY: What stock?

GEORGE: Did you ever meet my friend, Simons?

JERRY: Maybe.

GEORGE: He knows this guy, Wilkinson. He made a fortune in the stock market. Now he's got some new thing you know, there's supposed to be a big merger. He wasn't even supposed to say anything. You guys should think about doing this too.

JERRY: How high is it supposed to go?

GEORGE: I don't know. But Simons said that if I wanted to get involved, that Wilkinson would tell me the exact right minute to sell. You wanna do it?

JERRY: Boy, I don't know.

ELAINE: I'd do it but I don't have any money.

JERRY: What kind of company is it?

GEORGE: It's Sendrax. They've got some new kind of technique for televising opera.

ELAINE: Televising opera?

GEORGE: Some sort of electronic thingy.

JERRY: Well, how much are you going to invest?

GEORGE: Five thousand, ten. Ten thousand. Five thousand.

JERRY: Boy.

GEORGE: Come on. Wilkinson's got millions invested in this stock. It's gone up three points since I've been watching it.

JERRY: What if I lose it?

GEORGE: Come on, go for twenty-five hundred. We'll do it together. Come on, come on. We're in it together.

JERRY: Alright, twenty-five hundred.

GEORGE: That's it.

[A waitress arrives]

WAITRESS: Yeah, can I take your order?

GEORGE: Check the raiser.

JERRY: My bet? Alright. I'll open with a tuna sandwich.

ELAINE: Tuna?

JERRY: Oh, the dolphin thing?

ELAINE: They're dying in the nets.

JERRY: Oh. You know the whole concept of lunch is based on tuna.

ELAINE: Jerry, can't you incorporate one unselfish act in your daily routine?

JERRY: Hey, when I'm driving, I let people in ahead of me all the time. I'm always waving everybody in. "Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead." Alright, alright. I'll have a chicken salad.

ELAINE: And I'm going to have an English muffin with margarine on the side and a cup of coffee.

WAITRESS: Okay. What about you?

GEORGE: I'll have the tuna.


[At a Korean market]

JERRY: I have to say. Those people talking behind us really ruined that movie for me.

VANESSA: Why didn't you do something?

JERRY: What do you want me to do? I gave the guy the half turn.

[He demonstrates]

JERRY: Then I gave him the full turn with the eye roll!

[He demonstrates again]

JERRY: I mean, beyond that, I'm risking a punch in the mouth. Excuse me, do you have these in the puffs?

GROCERYSTOCKBOY: No puffs. Just flakes.

JERRY: Have you thought any more about that trip?

VANESSA: Yeah, I've been thinking about it.

JERRY: You know, my friend told me about this great place in Vermont.

VANESSA: I don't know. I just worry about trips like this. It's a lot of pressure.

JERRY: It's great! It speeds up the intimacy level. It's like putting the relationship in a time compressor. Where we would be six months from now we accomplish in three days.

VANESSA: Oh, so you want to move our relationship into phase two?

JERRY: Exactly. I love phase two. Extra toothbrushes, increased phone call frequency, walking around naked. You know, the presents get a lot better in phase two.

VANESSA: Really? Could we go fishing up there?

JERRY: Yeah, we can fish. What? Blues, carp, marlin?

VANESSA: They have marlin in Vermont?

JERRY: Oh, big fighting marlin.

[Jerry picks up a paper]

VANESSA: Jerry, the stock is the same as when you checked it earlier. There are no changes after the market closes. The stock is still down.

JERRY: I know. But this is a different paper. I thought maybe they have uh, different sources.


[At Jerry's apartment. Jerry is planning his trip on a road map]

[Kramer enters with a newspaper. He smacks the paper with his hand to draw Jerry's attention]

JERRY: Is that my paper?

KRAMER: Bad news, my friend.

JERRY: What? What news?

KRAMER: Sendrax.

JERRY: Oh, come on! It's down again?!

KRAMER: Two and a half points.

JERRY: Oh, I can't believe it. Let me see that.

[He takes the paper from Kramer]

JERRY: That's four and a half points in three days! That's almost half my money!

KRAMER: Hey, I told you.

JERRY: Yeah, you told me.

KRAMER: It's all manipulated with junk bonds. You can't win.

[Jerry picks up the phone to make a call]

JERRY: There's one thing I don't understand. Why does it please you? George Costanza, please.

KRAMER: Hey, I don't care. I'm just telling you to get rid of that stock now!

JERRY: George, what's going on?!

KRAMER: Sell it, just say I'm selling!

JERRY: Well, where is the guy?! Nothing? Almost half my money's gone. Well, call me right back.

[He hangs up]

JERRY: Nobody can reach Wilkinson. He hasn't been home or in his office in the past three days!

KRAMER: You know, I can't believe you put your money in that Sendrax, you could've invested in my roll out tie dispenser.

JERRY: Roll out tie dispenser. What was that one?

KRAMER: Okay, you're in a restaurant. You've got a very big meeting coming up.

JERRY: Okay.

[Kramer pretends to look at his tie]

KRAMER: Oh man, you got mustard on your tie.

JERRY: Oh no!

KRAMER: You just...

[He makes a noise]

KRAMER: ...tear it off...

[He demonstrates tearing off the tie]

KRAMER: ...and you got a new one right here. Then you're gone.

JERRY: You're gone alright.

KRAMER: Hey, where, where are you going? You gonna take a trip? The map, what...

JERRY: Yeah, I'm going to Vermont with Vanessa for a few days.

KRAMER: Hey, can I use your place? I got a bunch of friends coming over this weekend.

JERRY: What friends?

KRAMER: Well uh, it's just some people I met at a rock concert.

[The phone rings]

KRAMER: Do you mind if they use your bed?

[Jerry give him a look]

KRAMER: Because they're really good people Jerry. I'm telling you. You know, they're anarchists. They're, they're, they're huge.

[Jerry answers the phone]

JERRY: George? What. You're kidding. Well, what's wrong? So, what are we gonna do? Great. Alright, I'll speak to you later.

[He hangs up]

JERRY: Wilkinson, the guy who's supposed to tell us when to sell the stock, he's in the hospital.

[Kramer has a pleased reaction on his face]


[At a dry cleaning store. Jerry and George are in line]

JERRY: So you don't know what's wrong with him?

GEORGE: All Simons was able to find out is that he's in the hospital.

JERRY: Okay, fine. Has Simons been in touch with him?

GEORGE: Of course he's been in touch with him. He left two messages. He just hasn't heard back yet, that's all.

JERRY: Well, this is it. I'm selling.

GEORGE: Just give it a little more time.

JERRY: I never should've gotten involved in this. I'm a nervous wreck. I'm not cut out for investing.

GEORGE: Alright, alright. That's it. I'm gonna go down there.

JERRY: Where?

GEORGE: To the hospital.

JERRY: The hospital?

GEORGE: I'm going to find out what's going on. Alright?

JERRY: Are you nuts? You don't even know they guy.

GEORGE: So what? I'll start talking to him, you know, casual and I'll work my way around to it.

JERRY: What if he's in an iron lung or something? What are you gonna do?

[He starts knocking on a table]

JERRY: "How you feeling, Mr. Wilkinson?

[He makes hissing sound]

JERRY: By the way, what's happening with Sendrax?"

GEORGE: Maybe he's there resting.

JERRY: Who goes to the hospital to rest?

GEORGE: What are you, a doctor?

JERRY: Okay, fine, fine. When are you going down there?

GEORGE: Today. I'm going today. Just don't do anything until you hear from me.

JERRY: Alright.

[Jerry moves up in the line. A woman takes his place. George didn't notice]

GEORGE: Boy, I have to get to a bathroom.

[The woman gives him a look]

DRYCLEANER: May I help you?

JERRY: Yeah. I picked up this shirt here yesterday. It's completely shrunk.

[He holds up the small shirt]

JERRY: There's absolutely no way I can wear it.

DRYCLEANER: When did you bring it in?

JERRY: What's the difference? Look at it! Do you see the size of this shirt?!

DRYCLEANER: You got a receipt?

JERRY: I can't find the receipt.

DRYCLEANER: You should get the receipt.

JERRY: Look, forget about the receipt, alright? Even if I had the receipt, look at it! It's a hand puppet. What am I gonna do with this?!

DRYCLEANER: Yes, but how do I know we did the shirt?

JERRY: What do you think this is a little scam I have? I take this tiny shirt all over the city conning dry cleaners out of money?! In fact, forget the money. I don't even want the money. I just once would like to hear a dry cleaner admit that something was their fault. That's what I want. I want an admission of guilt.

DRYCLEANER: Maybe you asked for it to be washed?

JERRY: No. Dry cleaned.

DRYCLEANER: Let me explain to you something. With certain types of fabrics, different chemicals can react, causing...

JERRY: You shrunk it! You know you shrunk it! Just tell me that you shrunk it!

DRYCLEANER: I shrunk it.


[At the Comedy Club]

JERRY: I think the only reason we go to the dry cleaner is so I can say to the dry cleaner, "Well, it's ruined." And of course, the dry cleaner can respond, "It's not our fault. We're not responsible. We just ruin the clothes. That ends our legal obligation." You see, the whole problem with dry cleaning is that we all believe that this is actually possible. Right? They're cleaning our clothes but they're not getting anything wet. It's all dry. I know there's gotta be some liquids back there, some fluids that they're using. There's no such thing as dry cleaning. When you get something on your shirt, ever get something on your shirt and try to get it off like that.

[He brushes his shirt]

JERRY: That's dry cleaning. I don't think that's what they're doing back there. They don't have eighty guys going, "Come on, hurry up! There's a lot of shirts today."


[At Jerry's apartment]

[Elaine sneezes]

JERRY: Bless you.

ELAINE: Thank you. What evidence is there that cats are so smart anyway? Huh? What do they do? Because they're clean? I am sorry. My Uncle Pete showers four times a day and he can't count to ten. So don't give me hygiene.

JERRY: So what are you gonna do?

ELAINE: I don't know. I can't think of any solution. Unless of course they should meet with some unfortunate accident. What do you think a hit man would charge to rub out a couple of cats?

JERRY: Well, it couldn't be too expensive. Thirteen, fourteen bucks a cat?

ELAINE: What do you think, Jerry? You wanna make twenty-eight bucks?

JERRY: I'm no cat killer.

ELAINE: How about we go over there right now and we shave them?

JERRY: I'd really like to go, Elaine. But, George is coming back from the hospital. I gotta wait for him. But otherwise I would definitely go.

ELAINE: He actually went to the hospital?

JERRY: Yeah.

ELAINE: Oh man, he's nuts.

JERRY: Yeah, he's nuts. You want to bump off a couple of cats.

[Kramer enters with a newspaper. He points to it and smiles]

JERRY: I know, I know. It's down again.

KRAMER: How much are you down altogether?

JERRY: I don't know, fifteen hundred dollars.

KRAMER: Wow.

JERRY: You don't have to say, "Wow." I know it's, "Wow." And there's that smile again. Well, what is that?

[The intercom buzzes. Kramer jumps]

JERRY: It's George.

[He presses the button to let George in]

[Elaine goes into the bathroom. Kramer picks up some binoculars and looks out the window]

KRAMER: Oh, look at this one by the bus stop. Jerry, come here. Take a look at this.

JERRY: I really don't need to look.

KRAMER: What a body. Yeah, that's for me.

JERRY: Yeah, and you're just what she's looking for too. A stranger leering through a pair of binoculars ten floors up.

KRAMER: I'm gonna go down there and try and talk to her, huh?

[Kramer leaves]

[George enters and flops onto the couch]

JERRY: What? What? Did you go down there?

[George nods]

JERRY: Did he tell you what's gonna happen?

[George shakes his head "no"]

JERRY: How long were you there?

GEORGE: Fifteen seconds.

JERRY: You told him you knew Simons?

GEORGE: Yeah, I mentioned Simons. Next thing I know I'm in the parking lot. Perhaps they had some sort of a falling out. I'll tell you one thing, I don't know what he's got. But for a sick guy, he's very strong.

[Elaine exits the bathroom]

JERRY: Well, that's it. Look, I'm going to Vermont. I don't want to think about this. I'm selling.

ELAINE: Didn't work, huh?

GEORGE: Not quite.

ELAINE: Well, what are you gonna do about the stock?

GEORGE: I'm keeping it. I'm going down with the ship.

[George makes a motion with his hand and salutes]


[At the country inn in Vermont. Jerry and Vanessa are sitting in a room watching it rain outside]

JERRY: So I know this guy. I'm getting all my sneakers at a discount now.

VANESSA: I know. You mentioned it.

JERRY: Oh yeah, right.

[Jerry thinks to himself]

JERRY: Oh God. Get me out of here. What a mistake. What made me think this would work? And I've still got another day! I've got nothing left to say. Wait, wait, got one.

[To Vanessa]

JERRY: That's a nice watch. Do you wind it?

VANESSA: No, it's got a little battery.

JERRY: Well, that's good.

[He thinks to himself]

JERRY: Well, the drive home should be a delight. I'm speeding the whole way. Let them throw me in jail. I don't care. 

[To Vanessa]

JERRY: That's the manager? Do you want me to see if we can get another room?

VANESSA: No, it's okay.

JERRY: So, I guess you don't find the separate faucets for the hot and cold charming?

VANESSA: Not especially.

JERRY: Well, what do you want to do this afternoon?

VANESSA: What can we do? It's raining.

JERRY: We cold play "Sorry!" We cold play "Steal the Old Man's Bundle."

[Jerry thinks to himself]

JERRY: Maybe I can get an extension cord and hang myself.

[To Vanessa]

JERRY: What kind of perfume is that you're wearing?

VANESSA: Oh, you've never heard of it.

JERRY: No, what uh, what kind is it?

VANESSA: I can't tell you.

[Jerry thinks to himself]

JERRY: Yeah, that's real normal.

[Out loud, to a man nearby]

JERRY: Excuse me, sir. Could I have a look at that business section?

VANESSA: That stock? 

[The man hands Jerry the paper]

JERRY: Thank you.

VANESSA: I thought you got out of that.

JERRY: I did. I'm just curious. It's been almost a week. I want to check it out. 

[He finds the stock]

JERRY: Six points. It's up six points!

VANESSA: I told you not to sell.

JERRY: You did not tell me not to sell.

VANESSA: I said the market fluctuates, remember?

JERRY: Look Vanessa, of course the market fluctuates. Everybody knows that. I just got fluctuated out of four thousand dollars!

VANESSA: That's probably why...

JERRY: What?

VANESSA: Forget it.

JERRY: No, what? That's probably why...

VANESSA: That's probably why we're staying here, because you lost money on the stock.

[Jerry thinks to himself]

JERRY: So what am I looking at here? Twenty-nine hours to go. Well, at least I got plenty of time to find out the name of that perfume.


[At Monk's Cafe]

[George is laughing with some people. He comes over to where Jerry and Elaine are sitting]

GEORGE: Have something else. Come on, have a little dessert?

JERRY: I'm good, thanks.

GEORGE: Elaine, get something! It's all taken care of.

ELAINE: I'm kind of full.

GEORGE: So don't finish it.

JERRY: She's full.

[George puts up his hands in an "excuse me" gesture]

JERRY: So, Big daddy. I'm just curious. How much did you clear on your little transaction there all told?

GEORGE: I don't like to discuss figures.

JERRY: How much?

GEORGE: I don't know, what? Eight thousand. It's a Hyundai, yeah. I told you not to sell. Simons made money, Wilkinson cleaned up.

JERRY: So, Wilkinson's out of the hospital now?

GEORGE: No. You'd be surprised. You don't recover that quickly from a nose job.

[Elaine sneezes]

JERRY: Is that still from those cats?

ELAINE: No, I just got a cold.

JERRY: So, what ever happened with that?

ELAINE: I gave him an ultimatum.

[Jerry looks at her, she shrugs]

GEORGE: He chose the cats?

ELAINE: They're very clean animals.

JERRY: I gotta say, that's pretty bad. Losing out to a cat.

ELAINE: Almost as bad as losing out to a perfume.

GEORGE: I told you those trips were relationship killers. Too bad you can't get your buddy Superman to fly around the Earth at super speed and reverse time. You'd get all the money back, you could have avoided the whole trip to Vermont.

ELAINE: Superman can go back in time?

JERRY: We went over that.

[George motions for them to move in a little closer]

GEORGE: Wilkinson's got a bite on a new one. Petramco Corporation. Out of uh, Springfield I think. They're about to introduce some sort of a robot butcher.

JERRY: A robot butcher?

GEORGE: Shh. If you want to get in there's very little time.

[He calls to the waitress]

GEORGE: Sweetheart.

[The waitress comes over and tears off the check. George stops her]

GEORGE: No no no. That ought to cover it.

[He hands her some money. She turns to leave]

GEORGE: Just a second. Just a... let me...

[He looks at the check then takes some money out of her hand]

GEORGE: Come on, come on, come on.


[At the Comedy Club]

JERRY: I'm not an investor. People always tell me, you should have your money working for you. I've decided I'll do the work. I'm gonna let the money relax. You know what I mean? Because you send your money out there, working for you, a lot of times it gets fired. You go back there, "What happened? I had my money. It was here, it was working for me." "Yeah, I remember your money. Showing up late. Taking time off. We had to let him go."
