

JERRY: Oh the specials on TV, oh there so special, they're special, everything is special. They love to use the word special, it's gonna get our, "Hey it's special. Honey there's a special show coming on. There's multiple logos and a burst of color." Yeah, then you watch the show, the next day, "Hey, how was that show you watched?" "Eh, nothing special." Can't resist that word though, use it everywhere. Restaurants, "Would you like to hear the specials?" "No, I don't want to hear the specials. If the specials are so special, why aren't they on the menu first of all?" Food comes out and it always like in a tower, I don't know what part to eat and which part is a destructable member. Meal takes two and  a half hours, your ass is hurting by the end of it, it's not half as good as any pop tart I've ever had in my whole life.



JERRY: I can take a couple of questions, sometimes I like to do that. Is there anything you would like to know about my personal life, just...

LADY: Do you miss stand up?

JERRY: Do I miss stand up? I'm doing it right now. How could I possibly miss it?

MAN: Do you watch reality TV?

JERRY: Do I watch reality TV? You know, there's another term that bothers me, reality TV. Where's the reality? Is anyone in real life hanging from a rubber band eating bull anuses that you've seen? What is the reality? why do we call this reality television?



JERRY: Yes sir.

MANTWO: How did the Seinfeld show ever get started?

JERRY: How did the show get started? Um, you know I get that question quite often and so I went to the trouble of preparing a small video that kind of tells the story. And I brought it with me tonight.



JERRY: So I thought I'd just play it for you. I made this myself.






JOHNNY: Next is a young comedian making his very first appearance on the Tonight Show. He's originally from New York City. Would you welcome him please, Jerry Seinfeld. Jerry?



JERRY: You ever seen the guy who's got the record for fattest man in the world? It's an amazing thing, Bob Hughs, fourteen hundred pounds. Ladies and gentlemen, the man has let himself go. I always hope that someday Bob can get it toegether, you know? Go on a diet. Take off two hundred pounds. It doesn't make a hell of a dent. And if you're a freind of his what are you going to say to him? "You know you look great Bob? What are you down to, twelve hundred now? Your a rail, look at you."



JOHNNY: Jerry Seinfeld. Thank you Jerry. Take a bow.






SHAPIRO: It was a May sixth, nineteen eighty-one, first time on the Tonight Show and Johnny Carson...



SHAPIRO: ...gave him the okay sign which is the ultimate for any comedian in those days. And uh, Jerry feels to this day that that appearance was the most important and most significant in his career.




HOWARD: Jerry had done any number of Carson shows, Letterman shows...




SHAPIRO: And I sent a letter to Brandon Tarticoff.



SHAPIRO: I said, "Dear Brandon, call me a crazy guy, but I think that Jerry Seinfeld will soon be on NBC in a series and it triggered a meeting.




JERRY: Comedians always hate any meetings in middle of the day. You always feel like this is screwing up my whole afternoon.




RICK: We basically said to Jerry, "What would you like to do in television? Would you like to host a late night show? Would you like to do prime time specials? Would you like to do a prime time series? What is it Jerry that you would like to do on television we would like to do it with you."




JERRY: And I said, "The only thing I ever had in mind was to have a meeting like this. This seemed like you were getting somewhere in show business but I don't have any ideas




SHAPIRO: And Jerry made one thing absolutely clear in the meeting. And that was he didn't want to play a teacher, he didn't want play a lawyer, he didn't want to play a sports reporter. He wanted to play basically himself.




JERRY: The difference between comedians and actors is actors specialize in being someone other than themselves. Comedians hate to be anyone but themselves.







JERRY: This is uh, Prince Properties and the Voodoo Lounge which used to be Catch A Rising Star which is where David and I used to hang out and uh, where I first told him that NBC had been talking to me about doing a show.




LARRY: And would I be interested in working on it with him. And of course I really didn't have anything going at the time and I didn't have any money and I said, "Sure. Fine."



LARRY: We left the Catch A Rising Star and we walked into a Korean grocery store.




JERRY: And uh, we were getting something to eat and uh, making fun of all these uh, different items they have here.




LARRY: And we started, as we invariably did, talking about some of the products in the store.




JERRY: You know there's always these things here like uh...



JERRY: Here's some Korean Ginsing Royal Jelly. Comes in a jelly now. So you can spread it.




LARRY: It occurred to me that this is the kind of discussion that you never really hear on television and that would uh, be funny.




JERRY: And Larry said, "This is what the show should be." I said, "What?" "You know, making fun of stuff." I go, "Yeah, that's a show."



JERRY: This is what the show became.




GEORGE: Why don't they have salsa on the table?

JERRY: What do you need salsa for?

GEORGE: Salsa is now the number one condiment in America.

JERRY: Do you know why? Because people like to say "salsa." "Excuse me, do you have any salsa?" "We need more salsa." "Where is the salsa? No salsa?"

GEORGE: You know it must be impossible for a Spanish person to order seltzer and not get salsa. "I wanted seltzer, not salsa."

JERRY: "Don't you know the difference between seltzer and salsa?? You have the seltzer after the salsa!"

GEORGE: See, this should be a show. This is the show.

JERRY: What?

GEORGE: This. Just talking.

JERRY: Yeah, right.




LARRY: We went to a uh, a diner...



LARRY: ...the Westway Diner the next night.




JERRY: And this is the exact booth that we were at. Actually, it was the one over there.



JERRY: There's two ladies there so we couldn't get in there. But this is very similar to the booth that we were at. And um, we sat here at about, I don't know, twelve one o'clock in the morning, we had both performed over at the Improv. And uh, trying to think well what could this show be where it's just, you know, nonesense and, and idiotic conversation.




LARRY: And it was going to be about how a comedian gets his material...



LARRY: ...and then at the end of the show we would see him go on and do the material. That was really what the show was.




JERRY: It was going to be a ninety minute special that was going to fill in for Saturday Night Live one weekend, one Saturday night when they were off. And I just didn't think that you could sustain that for ninety minutes. I thought maybe you could do it for thirty minutes. And that's how it became a TV series. It was going to be a special all the way but I just didn't think we could last ninety minutes. So instead we ended up making ninety hours.




ROB: When they had the idea of doing essentially a conversational show which was an extension of Jerry's act. I mean, Larry and Jerry shared such a great sensibility and what was wonderful is you have this kind of curmudgeonly uh, misanthropic dyspeptic Larry David being pushed through this very accessable uh, likeable Jerry Seinfeld even though they did share comic sensibility. It was a marriage made in heaven.




LARRY: We pitched the show in much the same way that uh, Jerry and George pitched the show to the NBC executives on the series. Jerry and  I came in and uh, I had no experience at all.




RUSSELL: So, what have you two come up with?

JERRY: Well, we've thought about this in a variety of ways. But the basic idea is I will play myself...

GEORGE: May I?

JERRY: Oh, go ahead.

GEORGE: I think I can sum up the show for you with one word.



GEORGE: "Nothing."

RUSSELL: Nothing?

GEORGE: Nothing.

RUSSELL: What does that mean?

GEORGE: The show is about nothing.

JERRY: Well, it's not about nothing.

GEORGE: No, it's about nothing.

JERRY: Well, maybe in philosophy. But, even nothing is something.

SUSAN: What's the premise?

JERRY: Well, as I was saying, I, I would play myself and uh, as a comedian living in New York and I have a friend and a neighbor and an ex-girlfriend, which is all true.

GEORGE: Yeah, but nothing happens on the show. You see it's just like life.

RUSSELL: Well, why am I watching it?

GEORGE: Because it's on TV.

RUSSELL: Not yet.




JERRY: That was the famous meeting if you think we're gonna, if this is the idea and you think we're going to change it we're not. Which nobody had even suggested of changing it.



JERRY: But he was throwing down the meaningless gauntlet.




GEORGE: I, for one...



GEORGE: ...am not going to compromise my artistic integrity. And I'll tell you something else.



GEORGE: This is the show and we're not going to change it.



GEORGE: Right?




LARRY: No no no no no, this is not the show. And the room kind of went quiet and I looked over at one of the Castle Rock executives, Glen Padnick, and his eyes, his eyes were popping out of his head. Yeah I think he thought that whole thing was going to go up in smoke right there.




WARREN: I remember ending the meeting and I looked at Rick and I said, "I don't know." You know, it's a script commitment, you know, we haven't spent that much money on this guy. And who the hell knows? I, I guess.




JERRY: Let me tell you the truth. When I walked into NBC with Larry and said, "We're going to do a show about how a comedian gets his material", I knew I was lying right then. There was never going to be a show about how a comedian gets his material. Nobody wants to see a show about that. But I new it would sound good in the meeting so I said it. And they liked it. And that's how we got to do the show.




RICK: I have here I saved all these years the very first draft that the network recieved.



RICK: The title is, "Stand Up".




WARREN: It certainly wasn't a strong story drive and it was kind of all over the place but it was funny. It was funny. So we all said, "Oh, what the hell. Let's try a pilot on this thing and let's see what happens. You know what? Jerry's a funny guy. They seem to have a pretty good uh, lingo going on here with uh, Larry. God, we still need to get a good show runner on this show." And we just said, "Go make it."




JERRY: They haul you aboard the mothership, take you back to their planet as a curiosity. Now would you rather be in their zoo or their circus?

GEORGE: I gotta go zoo. I feel like I could set more of my own schedule.

JERRY: But in the circus you get to ride around in the train, see the whole planet!

GEORGE: I'm wearing a little hat, I'm jumping through fire. They're putting their little alien heads in my mouth.

JERRY: At least its show business.

GEORGE: But in the zoo, you know, they might put a woman in there with me to uh, you know, get me to mate.

JERRY: What if she's got no interest in you?

GEORGE: Then I'm pretty much where I am right now. At least I got to take a ride on a spaceship.




MARC: I had worked with Jason Alexander when I was working on the casting of the original ER.






GEORGE: I didn't get a script for the Seinfeld Chronicles. They don't do that in New York, they send you, you know, a three or four page snippet.




JERRY: But Larry and I saw him on the tape which is the worst way to ever see anyone audition, they, no one ever comes off well.




GEORGE: And I read this thing and I had no context, it was like no other pilot script I ever read. It had something to do with trying to tell Jerry that he was misreading signals.




LARRY: He was balding and he was a little overweight and he had on a pair of glasses and he was sitting on a stool and uh, he had the script and he was just reading along with the casting director.




JERRY: But the second we saw him like two lines out of his mouth we went, "That's the guy."




LARRY: That's it. Turn it off. That's the guy.







LARRY: Initially the pilot, the character of Kramer was called Kessler. Well, I was living in New York at the time and I had a next door neighbor who was a bit of an eccentric fellow named uh, Kenny Kramer who was always coming into my apartment and just always prevailing upon me to do things I didn't want to do. He was a little overbearing at times but very loveable and funny.




KENNY: And we started hanging out and we became very good friends.




LARRY: I still didn't want to call him Kramer because I knew my real neighbor Kramer. And I knew that by calling this character Kramer was going to open up a can of worms that I really didn't want to get involved in.




JERRY: Larry was positive and correctly predicted that if we involved Kenny Kramer in any way in this show he will exploit it...



JERRY: ...to the maximum and become a complete pain in which of course he did. He's actually, I think, a great guy, funny guy. And, but that name just had something that no other name had.







LARRY: Michael Richards had been on Fridays. We had opened on Fridays together.




JERRY: I was a big Michael Richards fan. He used to go on Jay Leno in those years...



JERRY: ...as a fitness expert and he would come out it black socks and shorts and smoking and attempt to operate some sort of excercise machine. He was one of those very special, very rare talents that I had seen in my years in the business. If he's available.




MARC: He came in and uh, did a great reading.




KRAMER: I wasn't quite sure exactly how the character was gonna go and I had to kind of get in with Jerry and feel Jerry and so forth. I know that we had a chemistry. I felt a connection to Jerry.




LARRY: Everthing that he said in the audition got screams.




JERRY: And after he did it, he, he leaned forward and did a handstand. And then stood up and walked out of the room and everyone was very perplexed.




LARRY: Brandon Tarticoff was the president of NBC. He looked at everybody in the room and said, "Well, if you want funny."







KRAMER: I got a short haircut and I kept pulling the top up to compensate for this hair being to short and as I was pulling it up I just, I liked it. And I thought, hmm, yeah, that's interesting.




LARRY: I came out for the filming of the, of the pilot and we had a director and an executive producer. Um, but I was there, I was on the floor watching somewhat nutured.




KRAMER: I just could sense that Larry was unhappy about things. I'm not, I don't, I think he felt out of the loop with the director. I could, it's one thing I knew when Larry was...




LARRY: I remember seeing stuff that just wasn't really right and I would gingerly approach the director, after all there is a director, and, oh in my mind, most tactful, delicate way I would say, "You know I was just kind of thinking what..." And I'm just trying to get this out and I'd get, "Mmm hmm, yes, well, okay, we'll try that." or "I don't think so." And I remember thinking, "Ah, geez, how the hell am I gonna, this thing's not gonna make it, you know."




GEORGE: During filming Jerry said ah, "So, Mr. Experience. What do you think?" I said, "No way, Jerry. There's no way." He said, "Why?" I said, "I think the number one show in America right now is Alf. If that's the number one show in America, who's gonna watch us? The audience for this show is me and I don't watch TV."




LARRY: I remember saying good bye to you and uh, thinking that I wouldn't see you again for another couple of years. 








WARREN: I was hopeful that the Seinfeld Chronicles could actually make the Fall schedule.




GLENN: And we heard that it was um, well received when they screened it for the executives at NBC but then we heard the testing had come in. The research report on Seinfeld was pretty disastrous. Pilot performance weak.




JERRY: My favorite thing in the testing is that the show was considered uh, contemporary and unusual humor appealing to young adults. Therefore uh, not something that we would want.






WARREN: We put on the Nuthouse, we put on some other show that I can't even remember the names of them uh, a few weeks later. And Seinfeld did not make the cut.




RICK: The Pilot aired in its original form on July fifth, ninteen eighty-nine which means it's a busted pilot, never gonna go any further. We sometimes referred to those sorts of uh, dumpings as a garbage dump theatre.




GLENN: In early August we drove over to FOX and pitched the show there.




JERRY: At that time FOX was really the renegade network.



GLENN: And they passed.




GEORGE: General feeling was that, my feeling was we're not going anywhere, this is dead.




RICK: But some of the executives who'd seen the pilot said, "You got something there, don't give up on this.




WARREN: Rick became the champion for Seinfeld.




RICK: I went to Brandon Tarticoff, I said look, "I'll take two hours of my special's budget, we'll split that into four half hours and that will be our order for Seinfeld.




JERRY: And he told me we got an order for four episodes.




KRAMER: Four shows? That's, hmm, well they must be doing somebody a favor.




GEORGE: We're doing four. Oh.



GEORGE: I think I'll hold onto my apartment then.




LARRY: I have to say my initial reaction uh, was not joyed. I was not really happy about it but I said, "Oh, you know, great." But all that meant to me was, oh geez, four shows, how are we gonna do four shows? How are we gonna come up with four shows?




JERRY: This is my home in Manhatten where I lived for nine TV seasons on NBC. But I never actually been here in my entire life. Because if we ever did try and shoot a scene here, you would have seen this.



JERRY: New Hamshire Avenue, Los Angelas California. You see a lot of things you see on TV are not really, really real. Like in a cartoon. When you get hit in the face with a cannon ball the only result is a blackened face and jagged edged sleeves and pant legs. And that's not what actually happens. In the same way when NBC finally ordered four episodes of my show, the smallest order in the history of network television, they insisted in the interest of seeming real we had to have a woman in the cast. And of course only two idiots like Larry David and myself would actually need to be told that.




GEORGE: Do women know about shrinkage?

ELAINE: What do you mean, like laundry?

GEORGE: No.

JERRY: Like when a man goes swimming... afterwards...



ELAINE: It shrinks?

JERRY: Like a frightened turtle!

ELAINE: Why does it shrink?

GEORGE: It just does.

ELAINE: I don't know how you guys walk around with those things.






MARC: We read everybody in town for that part. 




LARRY: Some of them you would know because they've gone on to stardom on television.




MARC: Megan Mullally from Will and Grace. Patricia Heaton from Everybody Loves Raymond. Rosie O'Donnel came in and did a great reading




LARRY: Then I mentioned Julia who I worked with on my one season with Saturday Night Live. And she was able to take any line and kind of put a little spin on it and do something with it. And she was just a teriffic actress.




ELAINE: Do you think my hips are getting too wide? I don't. Nobody does. They're not.




JERRY: I remember that casting session and uh, her repoire that I had with her...




ELAINE: Jerry came in and I remember he was eating a bowl of cereal. Um, and I thought oh yeah, I sort of recognize that guy. And I saw Larry, that was nice to see Larry. And we, it was very relaxed and I immediately felt comfortable for some reason I don't really know why.




JERRY: Just her whole tone I thought was gonna, gonna mesh well with uh, Kramer and George.




ELAINE: And it just went extremely well and it just felt great. And then I left and I walked, you know, it was all very nice and I left and Larry came running down after me down the sidewalk. And he goes, "Well what do you think? What do you think? Do you wanna do it?" And I go, "Well, I don't know." and you know. Frankly what I didn't say to him at the time was you know, I don't know if this is the right move for me, can you imagine?




KRAMER: I remember Julia showed up wearing cowboy boots and I said, "Ah yes, this is our girl."




Elaine: You want a Christmas card? You want a Christmas card? Alright here.



ELAINE: Here's your Christmas card!

















JERRY: You faked with me?

ELAINE: Yes.

JERRY: No.

ELAINE: Yes.

JERRY: You faked it?

ELAINE: I faked it.

JERRY: That whole thing, the whole production, it was all an act?

ELAINE: Not bad huh?

JERRY: What about the breathing, the panting, the moaning, the screaming?



ELAINE: Fake fake fake fake.






GEORGE: Elaine! 



GEORGE: No no no, Elaine! 

ELAINE: I don't like this thing! And here's what I'm doing with it! 



GEORGE: No! 






LARRY: We wrote the first show. Um, and then we were called in...



LARRY: Jerry and I to the executive producer's office. So we're sitting there and he's sitting behind his desk and he's giving us the notes on the show. "I think you need to do this with this character and I want more confilct here and I want this." And he said his piece. And then that night I was staying with Jerry at the apartment that night and I said to him, I said, "Alright, look. I'm not going to be able to go through with this. I can't, I can't listen to this, and I can't, I can't do the notes, I can't do it, you know. So honestly, good luck. I was sincere, really, I, I hope it's great, I hope it's a hit but I can't, I can't work on this like this




JERRY: But that wasn't that outstanding over the course of the nine years.

LARRY: Well it was the first time that I quit.

JERRY: Yeah it was the first time.



JERRY: It was nice. Get that out of the way. Get into the swing of Larry quitting. Which would be a regular event.




LARRY: He's a very persuasive man. He said, "No no no, don't worry, don't worry, I'll straighten it out. We'll, we'll fix this. We'll, we'll get what we want." And all this.




JERRY: And I reassured him that this was just a phase that we were passing through and eventually we would control the whole thing. And I guess it was just after that happened...

LARRY: Actually, he should have a job talking people out of suicide when they're out on a ledge. Because he's very good at it. He's very calm, he knows exactly what to say, "Ah, no, your life will get better, just come off the ledge and everything will be fine."




WARREN: After Cheers repeats, Thursday night at nine thirty, we put on four original episodes of Seinfeld. And they did okay







RICK: Four episodes did go on the air. It did well enough for us to get an order for the next mid season. Thirteen episodes.




LARRY: I said, "Oh my God! I can't do this! How am I going to come up with thirteen shows! This is ridiculous!" I said, "This is crazy!" And I was petrified. I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe it. This thing now is, is getting much bigger than it was supposed to. I was supposed to be done with this thing. And now I'm supposed to be doing thirteen shows? I'm responsible for it? I'm the executive producer of the show now. I'm completely responsible for this thing. This is mine. How am I going to do this? I can't do it. I can not do it. This is insane. What have I got myself into?




JULIA: After we got this order for thirteen, I figured we'd be on.




JASON: At that point I went, "We're going to be on for a while. This is going to work."




MICHAEL: I felt okay, now we can get to work.




JERRY: Well, when we got thirteen episodes, I just knew there was nothing in the world that could stop us now.




WARREN: The night that Seinfeld was going to premier in ninty-one on Wednesday night we bombed Bagdad.







JERRY: I remember that night and uh, they said the tanks were rolling, the war was starting and uh, the show wasn't going to be on. And I remember everyone being very upset about it. This was our premier night, the show was going to be preempted, I remember thinking what does that mean? Does that mean anything? It'll be on eventually.







JERRY: The first thing I remember about the Chinese Restaurant, a restaurant I was in with Larry, was Ghangus Koen on Fairfax. And uh, we were waiting for a table and I remember him writing the idea down




LARRY: I thought this could be a pretty funny idea. Waiting in real time. Get twenty-three minutes to do the show, whatever. Let's, let's just have them wait twenty-three minutes for a table.




WARREN: I read that script and I went, "Nothing happens. Am I, am I missing pages?" Literally, they go to the restaurant, they stand around, they can't get a table. Nothing happens. Is this, are they trying to save money?




JASON: I knew the network was up in arms about this episode.




JULIA: I wasn't suprised that NBC wasn't crazy about that show because, you know, not only was our show unlike any other shows, but now this show was like within that context this show was just like crazy extreme.




WARREN: I didn't get it. And, and I remember fighting that episode, looking at the cut of the episode and it was funny. But I really felt, you know, Jerry, Larry, doesn't something get to happen in this show?




JERRY: But, to their credit, the only thing that they said was that we completely disagree with this idea, but if you want to do it go ahead. And I thought that's all you can ask for is they gave us the show.







ROB: I remember meeting with Brandon Tartacoff, he was nervous about doing episodes like The Chinese Restuarant. So I said, "I will promise you that if you put this on and go forward with this thing ultimately we will make shows that have stories, that have plots, that are not just Chinese Restuarant." I said, "You have to allow us to do a Chinese Restaurant type show every once in a while because that's also what's great about this show."







JERRY: The Parking Garage was uh, very exciting and extremely physically difficult episode to make.




LARRY: Not being able to find your car was similar to The Chinese Restaurant although it wasn't in real time.




JERRY: We had to dismantle the entire set.




LARRY: They made a parking garage in our stage.




JASON: Oh God, the parking garage.




MICHAEL: We were up all night.




JERRY: I remember Julia and I could not even stand we were so exhausted. We were lying down on the floor and they were putting makeup on us as we were lying completely prostrate.




JULIA: And just, just forget the back of the head, just do the sides and the front. Because we were too tired to stand or sit in a chair. And Michael, Michael had that damn box.




JASON: His story line involves he's got an air conditioner in a box. So Michael said to the prop guys, "Put an air conditioner in there, you know. I want to work with the weight and the heft.




MICHAEL: It had to look real. And it was real.




JASON: Michael's size, he's got it on his shoulder, he's going to lurch it right into the trunk. It's going to be spectacular.




MICHAEL: When I threw the box into the trunk of the car I banged my face.




JASON: And cuts his lip on the air conditioner box. So now he's bleeding. Jerry and I kind of have our backs to the camera, Julia's in plain sight, and Michael's in plain sight and now the three of us are starting to laugh.




MICHAEL: I never broke character.




JASON: So he sees her kind of giggling.




LARRY: The four of them were supposed to get in the car and uh, pull out of the parking garage and that was going to be the end of the show. There was some dialog in the car and then uh, they would pull out and leave. The four of them got in the car and did their dialog and Kramer turned on the car and of course the car was a pile of junk and it didn't start














JULIA: Come on! Come on! Unbelievable.




JERRY: In the episode you can actually see us laughing hysterically.




LARRY: You see their heads bobbing up and down.




JASON: And Michael compounds it by, for no reason, getting out of the door, standing up, looking off to the horizon.




LARRY: You knew you had your ending right there.




MICHAEL: It was perfect and we all felt like this show was blessed.




JERRY: This was another moment when I knew that we had angels or something circling the show.




JULIA: I'll never forget that moment. I will never forget it.




JERRY: Because we knew that's it. This is the ending of the show. This is what it has to be.




LARRY: I know that we weren't doing well in the ratings for that second season. We weren't, we were no longer behind Cheers.




JERRY: Yeah, we would always lose to Jake and the Fat Man. I always felt that we would get closer and then he would get fatter and he pull away again. It was very tuff competition. Jake and the Fat Man.



 
LARRY: And when the show was eventually moved from Wednesday night to Thursday night  behind Cheers. I spoke to a television reporter and he said, "Well you must be thrilled about this move" and I, and I said to him, "If they weren't watching on Wednesday night I don't want them watching on Thursday night." And I was serious, I didn't.




JASON: And Larry was so upset, he was just pissed, he was, "I don't want to be Cheers' little brother."



 
LARRY: But then the show got picked up again for yet another season. This time twenty-two! Twenty-two!




JERRY: I don't tend to worry no matter what, you know. Larry was certainly worrying enough for the two of us. I mean as long as he's worried, he's thinking about it, he'll worry.  And I said, "Well I don't have to worry."

LARRY: There was never a hint, a hint of panic.



 
LARRY: This time, and I am, I am dead honest here, real actual tears out of my eyes. Crying, I cried on my bed. Crying at the prospect of coming up with twenty-two more of these things. How in God's name is that going to happen?




JERRY: Twenty-two episodes a year doing a small show about people with even smaller problems. And then one week we were working on a show where George was trying to save a whale and Kramer was hitting golf balls at the beach. And we thought wouldn't it be great if it was Kramer's golf ball that had gotten stuck in the blow hole of George's whale. Could we do that? Should we do that? We must do that. And once we did that...









JERRY: Anyway that's the show.



JERRY: That's how the whole thing happened.



JERRY: Any other questions?

MANINAUDIENCE: Are you ever going to do a reunion show?

JERRY: Uh, yes. You just saw it. I hoped you enjoyed it. Goodnight.

